Proofread documentation and docstrings (#374)
mmore500/hstrat: docs/policies.md

- `NumStrataRetainedExactEvaluator`
- `NumStrataRetainedUpperBoundEvaluator`

> The second, a "parameterizer" controls whether the policy property should be parameterized to be greater than, equal to, or less than or equal to a target value.

Author: ```suggestion
The second, a "parameterizer" controls whether the policy property should be parameterized to be greater than, equal to, or leq (i.e., `<=`) to a target value.
```

In this way, it is similar to the tapered geometric sequence nth root algorithm during early depositions.
The tapered nth root algorithm makes fullest use of fixed available space.
In fact, it perfectly fills available space.

> However, the curbed recency-proportional algorithm's space use is more effective at early time points --- it better minimizes recency-proportional MRCA uncertainty than the tapered algorithm.

Author: ```suggestion
However, the tapered recency-proportional algorithm's space use is more effective at early time points --- it better minimizes recency-proportional MRCA uncertainty than the curbed algorithm.
```
